doc: Add MicroCloud 1 EOL notice (#715)
canonical/microcloud: doc/how-to/snaps.md

Snaps come with different channels that define which release of a snap is installed and tracked for updates.
See [Channels and tracks](https://snapcraft.io/docs/channels) in the snap documentation for detailed information.

> MicroCloud currently provides the `2` LTS and `3` development track. The `1` track will reach EOL at the end of April 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroCloud currently provides the `2` LTS and `3` development track. The `1` track reaches {abbr}`EOL (End of Life)` at the end of April 2025.
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting that we avoid future verb tense so that this still makes sense after the end of April.

Author: Thanks, fixed. I have used the `{abbr}` in all the other occasions too.
